Update sonarqube-sonar-scanner-reference.md (#399)
harness/developer-hub: docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/sonarqube-sonar-scanner-reference.md

###  `orchestratedScan` and `dataLoad` settings

* `product_domain` — The URL of the SonarQube server.

> * `product_access_token` — The access token to communicate with the SonarQube server. You must create a secret for the token and use the format `<+secrets.getValue("secret_name")>` to reference the secret. This example references a secret created at the project level. For additional details on referencing secrets, see [Use Encrypted Text Secrets]([../../first-gen/firstgen-platform/security/secrets-management/use-encrypted-text-secrets.md](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Security/add-use-text-secrets#step-3-reference-the-encrypted-text-by-identifier)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `product_access_token` — The access token to communicate with the SonarQube server. You must create a secret for the token and use the format `<+secrets.getValue("secret_name")>` to reference the secret. This example references a secret created at the project level. For additional details on referencing secrets, go to [Use Encrypted Text Secrets]([../../first-gen/firstgen-platform/security/secrets-management/use-encrypted-text-secrets.md](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Security/add-use-text-secrets#step-3-reference-the-encrypted-text-by-identifier)).  
```

> * `product_access_token` — The access token to communicate with the SonarQube server. You must create a secret for the token and use the format `<+secrets.getValue("secret_name")>` to reference the secret. This example references a secret created at the project level. For additional details on referencing secrets, go to [Use Encrypted Text Secrets]([../../first-gen/firstgen-platform/security/secrets-management/use-encrypted-text-secrets.md](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Security/add-use-text-secrets#step-3-reference-the-encrypted-text-by-identifier)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `product_access_token` — The access token to communicate with the SonarQube server. You must create a secret for the token and use the format `<+secrets.getValue("secret_name")>` to reference the secret. This example references a secret created at the project level. For additional details on referencing secrets, go to [Add and Reference Text Secrets](/docs/platform/6_Security/2-add-use-text-secrets.md).  
```
